That would be a big problem
You almost got it.
We are obviously Su Lin, stop talking
Guan Yingying, I apologize to you for my child.
Sorry, Mom.
I'm not lying.
Mom believes in you
But you have to remember
Stop calling people dad casually
Do you have a father?
Come on.
Why don't you let me say MOMO?
It's Xiuyuan's child
He's gone.
What's the point of all this?
Su Ran Sunjian
Is there something wrong with you?
Long time no see.
I heard you are working as a designer
What about designers?
I am now an assistant at Shengfeng Group
Shengfeng Group
With your great talent, you didn't do design
What a pity, oh yeah
Here's my card.
If you want to do design in the future
Come find me anytime
Our company is doing an early warning bend project
Just confirm less
Okay, Sister Sun is doing well.
Everyone has their own office
I'm not the same as before
What do you need?
Find me anytime
I can help you.
Thank you Sun Jian
But I don't need your help yet.
You're still the same
Call me to know a thousand miles
Um, sorry.
That's okay.
Call me anytime you need it.
Well, I'll go back first.
Well, bye Mengmeng, bye mom
Mom, that uncle doesn't want to be my dad, does he?